Why did someone spend 5 million
I certainly can't tell you that.
My brother also has professional ethics
Okay, don't you just want money?
I'll give you 10 million to see mine
Isn't he just investing in money by helping him?
In case I kill him
After he went in, the money was alive, but he really didn't spend it.
Who knows if what he said is really money?
Hey, Sun Wan lied to us.
Aren't we losing our wives and losing our soldiers?
Which big brother?
Yun Shenji Family Dong Zong knows, right?
Ji Lingchuan, president of Jin's Group, is mine
fiancé
You must not be a piece of cake for him
Ji Lingchuan will block your reputation at a critical moment
I hope you don't blame me. Uh
You say
President of the Notebook Group
Is your fiancé
You can't believe this.
Lend me your phone
I'll give him a call.
Wow
Then I warn you.
If you dare to call the police, I will take you under martial law immediately
Brother, how can I call the police if I am tied up?
Sister-in-law, I will help you catch him.
Hello six six six six
Let's go let's go
Hello
Mr. Ji
Your fiancee is in my hands
10 million in cash if you want him to live
Tell me the address.
The address is in the unfinished building of Linyuanchang
Lin Chuan, don't forget, don't forget
I'm in gear.